[Filters/FocusManager] Manage filter focusing (#3630)
Shopify/polaris-react: UNRELEASED.md

### Bug fixes

- Fixed alignment of `Page` and `TopBar` so the search aligns to the page. ([#3610](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/3610))

> - Fixed `FocusManager` adding inactive items([#3630](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/3630))

Reviewer: Can you elaborate on this? It's hard to tell exactly what the fix is here

Author: ```suggestion
- Fixed `FocusManager` from tracking inactive items that prevented trap focusing([#3630](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/3630))
```
